I've counted what I have; it's not enough 
And what I need I do not dare to say. 
I've heard the soul is diamond in the rough 
That pain must polish it to a bright display; 
But mine is diamond dust that's blown away. 

(Angels) I've counted what I have; it's not enough 
And what I need I do not dare to say. 
I've heard the soul is diamond in the rough 
That pain must polish it to a bright display; 
But mine is diamond dust that's blown away. 

(Michael) And covered up the world with glittering -- 
Come back my soul, I cry, it won't obey, 
And I'm the empty shape of everything ... 
Come back my soul, come back to me I sing. 

I'm sick with greed, with unrequited greed 
And everyman becomes my enemy. 
I need his woman, his career I need 
For what he has, he's taken it from me 
And what is mine he uses clumsily. 
That pagan there pretending he can dance, 
This Christian peddling his humility, 
These carbons of Hitlerian romance, 
These lovers photographed without their pants. 

(Frank, Louis &amp; Then, Doubt, sloppy mother mistress that you 
Jean-Marc) Can't get rid of, who loves you more the more 
You turn away, whose perfume's pity, who 
Isn't feeling well, whose shoulder's sore -- 
Doubt comes generous as a dinosaur. 

(Doubt) O love forget this metaphysic bit 
About the lost world and the grieving heart 
You really can't believe is haunting it; 
While you brood here, other lovers part 
Their lips, prettier than you, and just as smart. 

(F, L &amp; J-M) Doubt has all the reasons why you have to fail 
And you agree, you've heard them all before. 
Her heart is broken and her breath is stale 
And you say, Tell me more my nightingale. 

(Doubt) Give up your conquering plan, give up your plan. 
Time makes a choir of our lonely art 
And women know that since the world began 
There never was, there is no leading man! 

(F, L &amp; J-M) Oo tell me more my nightingale. 

(Doubt &amp; Pinky) And women know that since the world began 
There never was, there is no leading man. 

(Michael) I've counted what I have; it's not enough. 
And women know that since the world began 
There never was, there is no leading man. 

(F, L &amp; J-M) Tell me more my nightingale. 

(Doubt &amp; Pinky) There's no leading man - no leading man!