Your lives to change? An oracle to speak? 
Some version of the wounded matador 
Who turns toward the bull his other cheek 
And entertains you with a torn physique? 
Some prisoner in pyjamas dancing lewd 
Trablinka waltzes, while another freak 
Hangs himself to concentrate your mood 
And sweeten up your putrid solitude? 

(Michael) My drummer is the only one I trust 
Let the drums go rolling through the night 
And let them pulverise my deep disgust 
With steady thunder, whips and dynamite 
The man of sticks and skins is always right. 
I found him near the cremetorium 
Humiliated, begging for a fight. 
I wrote the name of honour on a drum 
O drummer tell the people why I've come! 

O listen to him and his saxophone 

(Frank &amp; Louis) Our musical genital unicorn 

(Michael) He's very well hung with his golden horn 
He'd like to be standing out here alone 
The light on his hands, his mouth, and his bone. 

(Frank &amp; Louis) So take your solo now and loose your way 
In every fingered hole and brassy groan... 
You'll soon begin to choke on what you play 

(Michael) You're choking now exactly as I say! 

(Michael, Frank As for the deeper spirits in the hall 
&amp; Louis) Annointed ones and truely different 
Whom orgy doesn't satisfy at all 
Who loathe the horizontal argument 

(Frank &amp; Louis) It is to such as you that he was sent. 

(Michael) I understand the loyalties that insist 
You burn a child or shoot a president 
Or tattoo numbers on a woman's wrist 
I know the sorrow of the good idealist. 

It is to such as you that I was sent 
To speak directly to your deepest shame 
And light the fires of experiment 
And burn all hesitation in the flame -- 
I claim you now, I claim you in the name 
Of that which you have never done before 
And having done it never be the same. 
The victim shall be smitten on his sore. 
The haughty one shall have a visitor. 

(Michael, Frank We heard that drummer, do not think we missed 
&amp; Louis) Your subtle derivation from the beat 

(Michael) Which I established with an iron fist 
A thousand years ago, a small deceit 
To be enlarged until you have complete 
Control of the mood and the atmosphere -- 
Your crooked time endangering my defeat -- 
Now all your instruments must disappear 
And on your traitor's face pursue your 
dark career! 
